#  CS-499 ePortfolio
#### Hello! I am Alex Mizway and this is my ePortfolio for CS-499 at SNHU.
## Professional Self-Assessment
#### Having been in this program at SNHU for over 6 years, I have developed, worked, and honed several computer science skills such as the ability to collaborate, communicating to shareholders, programming techniques and several more. I would like to first focus on the skill of communicating with shareholders and collaboration. I was able to best demonstrate this when I played the role of a Scrum Leader and had to both lead the Scrum team through the development cycle and also had to interact with the shareholders. This role was crucial in developing these skills as having the ability to both explain the technical terms in a easy-to-understand way as well as managing the Scrum team is necessary for team projects where shareholders are interested in keeping tabs on the project. This demonstrates the ability to employ strategies for building collaborative environments that enable diverse audiences to support organizational decision making in the field of computer science. When it comes to programming skills, I have practiced and utilized intentful comments, keeping a security mindset and having the ability to work with several languages. While my current career choices are moving towards library science to potentially become a librarian, I still plan on continuing my efforts into mantaining programming skills, data structures, databases, and security skills as there are still paths involving both the computer science and library science
#### Summarize/introduce how your artifacts fit together and inform the portfolio as a whole; this will help demonstrate the full range of your computer science talents and abilities? This section should introduce your audience to the technical artifacts that will follow the professional self-assessment.
## Code Review 
I have uploaded the code review to YouTube. It can be found [here](https://youtu.be/pyJeV-ACWbA)
## Software Engineering
Here are the [files](https://github.com/alexmizway/alexmizway.github.io/tree/main/Software%20Engineering) for this artifact.
#### The artifact I will be discussing today is a Junit project designed to demonstrate the capabilities of JUnit and its ability to work with Java. The artifact is four .java files with Contact, ContactService and a Test version of each with the test versions using JUnit as an external library. I created these files in January-February 2023 as part of a software testing class. I selected this artifact because it was one of the first projects of mine that had no overloads or errors while running. The tests that the artifact checks were all programmed in one go with one look at the syntax of JUnit. The artifact has improved through improving me and by achieving some of the course objectives.
#### The objectives that this artifact demonstrates are “Demonstrate an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals” and “Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources”. It attains these objectives as I demonstrate the ability to employ testing techniques in the artifact as well as demonstrating the ability to ensure that all the data is explicitly validated.
#### I lucked out when it came to the challenges that I have encountered in the development of the finished artifact as they are few, but they did make this quite an issue. The first and only major challenge I encountered was finding the necessary libraries for utilizing unit testing in a different language and learning to use them. I was able to utilize the Python Package Index for finding the libraries and the documentation with it which allowed me to scrub the documentation for the proper syntax and applying it to the code.
## Data Structures
Here are the [files](https://github.com/alexmizway/alexmizway.github.io/tree/main/Data%20Structures) for this artifact.
#### The artifact I will be discussing today is a Binary Search Tree made in C++. This project was made to show the ability to handle and demonstrate the capabilities of data structures within a programming language. I believe that the project was made in early 2021 as I do not have any evidence stating otherwise. I selected this artifact to show that despite C++ being my weak point, I planned on using it to show my growth with the C++ language. The main point of improvements I was making with this artifact was implementing smart pointers and a destructor into the code, but I have decided to switch course and start working on implementing different search algorithms to test their efficiency compared to the binary search tree and those search algorithms are breadth first search and in order depth first search. 
#### The two course outcomes that this artifact demonstrates in my opinion is “Design and evaluate computing solutions that solve a given problem using algorithmic principles and computer science practices and standards appropriate to its solution, while managing the trade-offs involved in design choices”. The reason I believe this outcome is what my data structure artifact reached for is because I have demonstrated the ability to program solution to solve logic problems as I have implemented counters for when inserting, searching, and deleting is called as well as still implementing smart pointers through the usage of shared_ptr.
#### The first challenge I faced during the process was learning what kind of smart pointer I should use in the code. I originally tried unique_ptr but found that to be insufficient for the constant calls for the root node so I have it using a shared_ptr instead. I was trying to find a way to convert the smart pointer into a standard node for the rest of the functions within the artifact when I realized that I needed to program the smart pointer into the methods themselves too. My next challenge came from trying to find the best search algorithms to compare to the binary search tree. I first tried to implement ternary search until a peer informed me that meant having to either convert the whole tree or create a whole new tree with the three paths.
## Databases
Here are the [files](https://github.com/alexmizway/alexmizway.github.io/tree/main/Databases) for this artifact.
#### The artifact I will be discussing today is a full stack setup using MySQL, a Python CRUD class, and a Jupyter Notebook file. I created this project during my only second attempt at any of the classes I have taken.  I have chosen to improve this project because I feel that by demonstrating my skills through a project that I had originally struggled with, I will be able to best show my strengths and the techniques used to give this project another spin. One of the skills I had to demonstrate was having a security mindset to ensure that the MySQL server running on my server followed the proper protocol such as secure shell and asking for the password for each fresh use of the database. Another reason I feel that the development showed my security mindset is due to the updates to the packages and libraries used to develop the code both for the CRUD file and for the HTML Dash application.
#### The course outcomes that this artifact demonstrates is “Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources”. The reason I chose this outcome as the one that my database artifact will demonstrate the most is because of how often I had to revisit different aspects of the Dash app to ensure that there were no major conflicts with the read/write access as well as ensuring that I did not accidentally program a flaw into the application. 
#### Despite me going into this artifact believing that MySQL would be easier to use than MongoDB, I was quite wrong in my assumption. The first major challenge that this project gave me was ensuring that the database stayed secure but still able to run and function outside of me keeping it running so that I can allow for uninterrupted testing. My second challenge came in the form of having to remember the commands used over MongoDB’s. My final and most challenging one was trying to figure out why the JupyterDash external library did not function anymore. I later found out while finding the pip install name for another package that Dash now explicitly supports JupyterDash natively.
