#### The artifact I will be discussing today is a full stack setup using MySQL, a Python CRUD class, and a Jupyter Notebook file. I created this project during my only second attempt at any of the classes I have taken.  I have chosen to improve this project because I feel that by demonstrating my skills through a project that I had originally struggled with, I will be able to best show my strengths and the techniques used to give this project another spin. One of the skills I had to demonstrate was having a security mindset to ensure that the MySQL server running on my server followed the proper protocol such as secure shell and asking for the password for each fresh use of the database. Another reason I feel that the development showed my security mindset is due to the updates to the packages and libraries used to develop the code both for the CRUD file and for the HTML Dash application.
#### The course outcomes that this artifact demonstrates is “Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources”. The reason I chose this outcome as the one that my database artifact will demonstrate the most is because of how often I had to revisit different aspects of the Dash app to ensure that there were no major conflicts with the read/write access as well as ensuring that I did not accidentally program a flaw into the application. 
#### Despite me going into this artifact believing that MySQL would be easier to use than MongoDB, I was quite wrong in my assumption. The first major challenge that this project gave me was ensuring that the database stayed secure but still able to run and function outside of me keeping it running so that I can allow for uninterrupted testing. My second challenge came in the form of having to remember the commands used over MongoDB’s. My final and most challenging one was trying to figure out why the JupyterDash external library did not function anymore. I later found out while finding the pip install name for another package that Dash now explicitly supports JupyterDash natively.
