# SE Narrative
#### The artifact I will be discussing today is a Junit project designed to demonstrate the capabilities of JUnit and its ability to work with Java. The artifact is four .java files with Contact, ContactService and a Test version of each with the test versions using JUnit as an external library. I created these files in January-February 2023 as part of a software testing class. I selected this artifact because it was one of the first projects of mine that had no overloads or errors while running. The tests that the artifact checks were all programmed in one go with one look at the syntax of JUnit. The artifact has improved through improving me and by achieving some of the course objectives.
#### The objectives that this artifact demonstrates are “Demonstrate an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals” and “Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources”. It attains these objectives as I demonstrate the ability to employ testing techniques in the artifact as well as demonstrating the ability to ensure that all the data is explicitly validated.
#### I lucked out when it came to the challenges that I have encountered in the development of the finished artifact as they are few, but they did make this quite an issue. The first and only major challenge I encountered was finding the necessary libraries for utilizing unit testing in a different language and learning to use them. I was able to utilize the Python Package Index for finding the libraries and the documentation with it which allowed me to scrub the documentation for the proper syntax and applying it to the code.
